hey guys so it's a nice warm day out
totally in the niche these so it's
really nice out here and starting to
feel like spring and still a little bit
of snow
starting to melt and snow over there I
thought do a lawn boy cult start video
these are the two lawn boy mowers that I
have that one there is a 1996 lawn boy
10 533 medallion series has a five and a
half horse Briggs & Stratton overhead
valve engine and then this one my
personal favorite 1986 lawn boy 84 61
commercial with a F engine and let's see
how well these will start up we'll start
with the four-stroke one here hopefully
I won't have to put gas in the
carburetor since it's warmer outside so
let's see what happens
all right so put it on choke and pull
like oh come on oh she's getting there
all right not too bad
seeing that it's a little warmer through
the camera and now for the lawn boy 84
61 so we'll turn the gas on
all right
gasps is on I was noticing a little late
back here which could possibly be a fuel
line but anyways so turn it on put on
choke and let's see what she does
cool
on this one I'm still waiting on a bolt
gasket that goes to the bottom of the
bowl of the carburetor still waiting for
a gasket for it
so I might possibly get a new fuel line
for it so I noticed on the end it was
showing a little cracking though but
this thing just runs absolutely perfect
after all the work that my brother and I
have done to it and so excuse me so
there you have it two lawn boys and I
have so hope enjoy the video thanks for
watching